Add clarification notes about Astro v Software CLI commands (#3221)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-logout.md

id: astro-logout
description: Reference documentation for astro logout.
hide_table_of_contents: true
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/term-icon.png' }
---

:::info

The behavior and format of this command are the same for both Astro and Software.

:::

> Log out of the Astro CLI. This command does not affect your current login session in the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log out of the Astro CLI. This command does not affect your current web browser login session in either Astro or Astronomer Software.
```
